README.md, before:

# deep-delete

Removes every matched key for every object recursively. Can handle every type value. It's written in ES6++ and being used in our own codebase.

Since v1.2.0 it also works on node importing the node version:

```js
const deepDelete = require('deep-delete/@node');
```

## Usage

### For multiple keys

```js
import deepDelete from 'deep-delete';

const data = [
  {
    moreData: {
      key1ToDelete: 1,
    },
    key2ToDelete: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];

const newData = deepDelete(['key1ToDelete', 'key2ToDelete'], data);
```

```diff
[
  {
    moreData: {
-      key1ToDelete: 1,
    },
-    key2ToDelete: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];
```

### For one key

```js
import deepDelete from 'deep-delete';

const data = [
  {
    moreData: {
      keyToBeDeleted: 1,
    },
    keyToBeDeleted: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];

const newData = deepDelete('keyToBeDeleted', data);
```

```diff
[
  {
    moreData: {
-      keyToBeDeleted: 1,
    },
-    keyToBeDeleted: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];
```

Commit message:

🚀 Make refactor, add exp. workers and benchmarks
- 🏇 Reduce calls with object values and array elements when are anything than objects or arrays.
-  🚀 Add experimental workers.
- 🚀 Add benchmarks.
- ⚙️ Make import process transparent between es6 modules and commonjs

README.md, after:

# deep-delete

Removes every matched key for every object recursively. Can handle every type value. It's written in ES6++ and being used in our own codebase.

Since v2.0.0, the importing process is transparent. It works with CommonJS and ES6 modules without the need of importing specific files. See how this works: https://stackoverflow.com/a/42817320/2862917

## Usage

### For multiple keys

```js
import deepDelete from 'deep-delete';

const data = [
  {
    moreData: {
      key1ToDelete: 1,
    },
    key2ToDelete: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];

const newData = deepDelete(['key1ToDelete', 'key2ToDelete'], data);
```

```diff
[
  {
    moreData: {
-      key1ToDelete: 1,
    },
-    key2ToDelete: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];
```

### For one key

```js
import deepDelete from 'deep-delete';

const data = [
  {
    moreData: {
      keyToBeDeleted: 1,
    },
    keyToBeDeleted: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];

const newData = deepDelete('keyToBeDeleted', data);
```

```diff
[
  {
    moreData: {
-      keyToBeDeleted: 1,
    },
-    keyToBeDeleted: 'Bye bye',
    anotherKey: 2,
  },
  1,
  null,
  'hola'
];
```
